Update macOS installation instructions for Podman (#494)
containers/website-new: docs/installation.md

### macOS

On Mac, each Podman machine is backed by a virtual machine. 

> Once you install it, you can run the `podman` command directly from

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of pronouns in a document.   I prefer the original, but dropping the word `be`.

```suggestion
Once installed, the podman command can run directly from
```

the Unix shell in `Terminal`, where it remotely communicates with the `podman`
service running in the Machine VM.

1. Download Podman:
  - Recommended
    <details open>
    <summary>Use the Installer (Recommended)</summary>
    Podman can be downloaded from the [Podman.io](https://podman.io) website.
    You can get binaries and a pkginstaller from our [GitHub release page](https://github.com/containers/podman/releases).
    </details>

>   - Not recommended

Reviewer: not necessary, but a line feed above this makes it clearer to review IMO

    <details>
    <summary>Use Homebrew</summary>

>     It's not recommended to install via Homebrew because it is a community-maintained package manager and we cannot guarantee stability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It's not recommended to install via Homebrew because it is a community-maintained package manager, and we cannot guarantee the stability
```

>     of Podman installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    of the Podman installation.
```
